Adds user step for required property `required_providers` in TF Recipes author guide (#1035)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/guides/recipes/howto-author-recipes/index.md

{{< rad file="snippets/redis-kubernetes-variables.tf" embed=true marker="//CONTEXT" lang="terraform" >}}

Ensure that your `main.tf` has a defined `required_providers` in order to guarantee that your credentials and the correct resource provider is detected by Radius:

> {{< rad file="snippets/redis-kubernetes-main.tf" embed=true marker="//PROVIDER" lang="terraform" >}}

Reviewer: Instead of showing the Terraform file twice, can we bring these together into one snippet instead?

{{< rad file="snippets/redis-kubernetes-variables.tf" embed=true marker="//CONTEXT" lang="terraform" >}}

Ensure that your `main.tf` has:

> - Defined `required_providers` in order to guarantee that your credentials and the correct resource provider is detected by Radius
> - Utilizes the `context` parameter for naming and namespace configuration :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Defined `required_providers` for any providers you leverage in your module. This allows Radius to inject configuration and credentials.
- Utilizes the `context` parameter for naming and namespace configuration. This ensures your resources don't unintentionally collide with other uses of the Recipe.
```

> {{< rad file="snippets/redis-kubernetes-main.tf" embed=true lang="terraform" >}}

Reviewer: Can we remove the comments in the main.tf file if we're no longer using them as markers? We want to avoid showing these to users.
